docs: game time (#164)
rune/rune: docs/docs/multiplayer/time-based-logic.md

When game state is changed inside your `update` function, the `onChange` inside `client.js` is called with `update` event.

Here’s an example of how a game could implement that players have to make a move within 30 seconds or else their turn will pass:

```javascript
// logic.js

Rune.initLogic({
  //... (previous example)
  update: ({game}) => {
    //Check if 30 seconds have passed, then switch to another question
    if (Rune.gameTimeInSeconds() - game.roundStartAt > 30) {
      roundStartAt = Rune.gameTimeInSeconds()
      setNewQuestionAndAnswer(game)
    }
  }

})

```

## `timeSync` event

It is possible for the server to execute the action at different gameTime compared to the optimistic client action.
If this has impact on game state, the client that made the optimistic action will receive a `onChange` call with `timeSync` event.

Let's take the following example: The game is played by two players (playerA, playerB) and the following logic is defined:

```javascript
// logic.js

Rune.initLogic({
  setup() {
    return {
      clickedAt: 0,
    };
  },
  actions: {
    click(_, {game}) {
      game.clickedAt = Rune.gameTimeInSeconds();
    },
  },
})
```

> * PlayerA calls action click when game time is at second 4. PlayerA receives `onChange` call with `click` action as an argument. PlayerA `game.clickedAt = 4`.
> * Server receives the action, but server is already at second 5. Server processes the action.
> * Every client receives that the action was executed at 5th second. 
> PlayerA `onChange` is called with `timeSync` event, playerB `onChange` is called with `click` action. Both players `game.clickedAt = 5`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* PlayerA calls action click when game time is at second 4. PlayerA receives `onChange` call with `click` action as an argument, making PlayerA see `game.clickedAt = 4`.
* Server receives and processes the action at game time second 5.
* Every client receives that the action was executed at 5th second. 
PlayerA's `onChange` function is called with `timeSync` event to reconcile that the server processed the action at second 5 (and the server holds the truth). In this way, both players end up with `game.clickedAt = 5`.
```
